ACD-992 BigCommerce (#79)
Actindo-AG/Documentation: BigCommerce/UserInterface/01a_Connections.md

# CONNECTIONS (BigCommerce)

The CONNECTIONS tab offers an overview of all connections created for *Omni-Channel*. It also allows configuring these connections. 

*Omni-Channel > Settings > Tab CONNECTIONS*

![Connections](../../Assets/Screenshots/Channels/Settings/Connections/BigCommerce/Connections.png "[Connections]")

**Connections**

The *CONNECTIONS* tab contains a list view of all available connections.
The following functions are available in the list header of the *CONNECTIONS* tab:

- ![Refresh](../../Assets/Icons/Refresh01.png "[Refresh]") (Refresh)   
    Click this button to update the list of connections.

- *VIEW*   

>     Click the drop-down list to select the view. All created views are displayed in the drop-down list. For a detailed description of how to create and edit a list view, see [Work with lists](../../Core1Platform/UsingCore1/04_WorkWithLists.md).  <!---Preliminary link-->

Reviewer: Ich finde, der Verweis hier sollte auf https://github.com/Actindo-AG/Documentation/blob/ACD-839/Core1Platform/UserInterface/03_ViewsLIST.md sein, also auf die Erklärung der Symbolen/des UI von List VIEW. Man kann zusätzlich an Work with lists verweisen, oder eher, meiner Meinung nach, aus List VIEW ein Verweis auf den Prozess (Work with lists) erstellen... (den gibt es tatsächlich schon als Related content).

Author: to be discussed

> 

Reviewer: Beschreibung zu Columns-Button fehlt hier:

- ![Columns](../../Assets/Icons/Columns.png "[Columns]") Columns (x)   
    Click this button to display the columns bar and customize the displayed columns and the order of columns in the list. The *x* indicates the number of columns that are currently displayed in the list.

Author: done

    - **No**   
        No errors have occurred.

- *Driver*  
    Driver name.

- *ID*  
    Connection identification number. The ID number is automatically assigned by the system.

- ![Add](../../Assets/Icons/Plus01.png "[Add]") (Add)  
    Click this button to add a *BigCommerce* connection. The *Create connection* view is displayed, see below.

## Create BigCommerce connection

*Omni-Channel > Settings > Tab CONNECTIONS > Button Add*

![Create connection](../../Assets/Screenshots/Channels/Settings/Connections/BigCommerce/CreateConnection.png "[Create connection]")

- ![Back](../../Assets/Icons/Back02.png "[Back]") (Back)   
    Click this button to close the *Create connection* view and return to the connection list. All changes are rejected.

- *Name*   
    Enter a connection name.

-  ![Edit](../../Assets/Icons/Edit02.png "[Edit]") (Edit)  
    Click this button to edit the connection name. This button is only displayed if the connection name has been confirmed. 

- ![Apply](../../Assets/Icons/Check.png "[Apply]") (Apply)  
    Click this button to apply the entered connection name. This button is only displayed if the connection name has not yet been confirmed. 

> 

Reviewer: In Create connection sieht man erst das Apply-Symbol, deswegen ist die Reihenfolge hier anders als bei Edit connection...

Author: Done

- *Driver*  
    Click the drop-down list and select the *BigCommerce* driver. All installed drivers are displayed. The *Credentials* section is displayed below the drop-down list.

> 

Reviewer: In den anderen Verbindungen gibt es eine Info dazu. Ist sie auch hier zutreffend?

[Info] Drivers are licensed and must be acquired via the app store or the corresponding e-commerce partner platform. The applicable driver credentials to establish the connection are obtained when acquiring the corresponding license.

Author: done

**Credentials** 

The *Credentials* section contains the access data needed for the selected *BigCommerce* connection. The section is only displayed if a valid driver has been selected.

![Create BigCommerce credentials](../../Assets/Screenshots/Channels/Settings/Connections/BigCommerce/CreateConnectionCredentials.png "[Create Bigcommerce credentials]")

- *Store hash*   
    Hash key of the *BigCommerce* store. This field is automatically filled after having created the *BigCommerce* connection automatically.

- *Access token*   
    Access token for the *BigCommerce* connection. This field is automatically filled after having created the *BigCommerce* connection automatically.

> 

Reviewer: Wenn man eine Verbindung via BigCommerce App erstellt, würde man diesen Bildschirm gar nicht sehen, oder? (Die Beschreibung oben wäre für mich sinnvoller bei "Edit connection" sein). Ist es nicht vielleicht sinnvoller, etwas zu der manuellen Erstellung einer Verbindung und was man hier eingeben soll? (Also, die Credentials, die man via der BigCommerce backend, vermutlich, bekommt?).

Author: doch, siehe doku

- [SAVE]  
    Click this button to save the connection. 

## Edit BigCommerce connection

*Omni-Channel > Settings > Tab CONNECTIONS > Select BigCommerce connection*

> ![Edit Shopify connection](../../Assets/Screenshots/Channels/Settings/Connections/BigCommerce/EditConnectionCredentials.png "[Edit Shopify connection]")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Edit BigCommerce connection](../../Assets/Screenshots/Channels/Settings/Connections/BigCommerce/EditConnectionCredentials.png "[Edit BigCommerce connection]")
```

Author: Done

- *Driver*  
    Driver name. For *BigCommerce*, the *BigCommerce* driver is displayed. This drop-down list is read-only.

**Credentials** 

- *Store hash*   
    Click the field to edit the hash key of the *BigCommerce* store.

- *Access token*   
    Click the field to edit the access token for the *BigCommerce* connection.

- [SAVE]  
    Click this button to save any changes made.

## Edit BigCommerce connection &ndash; Settings

*Omni-Channel > Settings > Tab CONNECTIONS > Select BigCommerce connection > Tab Settings*

![Edit BigCommerce settings](../../Assets/Screenshots/Channels/Settings/Connections/BigCommerce/EditConnectionSettings.png "[Edit BigCommerce settings]")

The *Settings* tab is composed of the following setting entries:
- [Variant option type](#variant-option-type)
- [Order filters](#order-filters)

### Variant option type

*Omni-Channel > Settings > Tab CONNECTIONS > Select BigCommerce connection > Tab Settings > Menu entry Variant option type*

![Variant option type](../../Assets/Screenshots/Channels/Settings/Connections/BigCommerce/VariantOptionType.png "[Variant option type]")

> 

Author: Done

- *Variant option type used for variants*   

>    Use this dropdown list to select the type to select variants. For detailed information, see [Configure BigCommerce connection](../Integration/01_ManageBigCommerceConnection.md#configure-bigcommerce-connection).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Use this drop-down list to select the type to select variants. For detailed information, see [Configure BigCommerce connection](../Integration/01_ManageBigCommerceConnection.md#configure-bigcommerce-connection).
```
"to select the type to select variants"... Evtl. umformulieren, um Wiederholung zu vermeiden.

Author: done

> 

Reviewer: [SAVE]
Click this button to save any changes made.

### Order filters

*Omni-Channel > Settings > Tab CONNECTIONS > Select BigCommerce connection > Tab Settings > Menu entry Order filters*

![Order filters](../../Assets/Screenshots/Channels/Settings/Connections/BigCommerce/OrderFilters.png "[Order filters]")

> 

Author: Done

- *Filter orders to import by*   
   Enable the toggles at the order status to define the orders to be imported to *Actindo*.  

>    For detailed information on the *BigCommerce* order statuses see the *BigCommerce* documentation under [https://developer.bigcommerce.com/docs/rest-management/orders/order-status#get-all-order-statuses](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/docs/rest-management/orders/order-status#get-all-order-statuses).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For detailed information on the *BigCommerce* order statuses, see the *BigCommerce* documentation under [https://developer.bigcommerce.com/docs/rest-management/orders/order-status#get-all-order-statuses](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/docs/rest-management/orders/order-status#get-all-order-statuses).
```

Author: Done

> - *Import only orders with an ID greater than*   

Reviewer: In Integration-Datei als "Import only orders with an ID as of"... Bitte vereinheitlichen. (As of finde ich auch schöner, aber evtl. würde ich hier beim "greater than" bleiben, da es nicht falsch ist, und das ist, was im UI steht. Vielleicht kriegen wir die translation files mal...). ; )

Author: Wollte Jannik noch ändern

   This option is only relevant if you have orders in *BigCommerce* that should not be imported to *Actindo* in general.   
   <!----Wenn es bei altem Text bleibt: Enter the ID of the last order you want to keep in *BigCommerce* and you do not want to import to the *Omni-Channel* module.-->

>     Enter the ID of the first order you want to import to the *Omni-Channel* module.

Reviewer: Diese Satz zusammen mit dem oberen in einem Abschnitt, da die zusammengehören?

Author: technisch bedingt

> - *Import only orders created after*   

Reviewer: hier auch "as of" in Integration...

Author: s.o.

   This option is only relevant if you have orders in *BigCommerce* that should not be imported to *Actindo* in general.    
   <!---Wenn es bei altem Text bleibt:Enter the date of the previous day from which you want to start importing orders to the Omni-Channel module.-->  
   Enter the date from which you want to import orders into the *Omni-Channel* module.

- *Import archived orders*    

>    By default, this toggle is disabled. Enable this toggle if you want to import orders that have been already archived.

Reviewer: Ich würde es andersum beschreiben, denn ich finde den zweiten Satz wichtiger: 
Enable this toggle if you want... By default, this toggle is disabled.

Author: Done

>    By default, this toggle is disabled. Enable this toggle if you want to import orders that have been already archived.

Reviewer: Hier fehlt der Setting Offers, der in Integration beschrieben ist, oder?

![image](https://github.com/Actindo-AG/Documentation/assets/99268392/8f21fa07-0b60-42d8-ba78-e21eb11e4ba6)

Author: Done

[!! Manage BigCommerce connection](../Integration/01_ManageBigCommerceConnection.md)

# CONNECTIONS (BigCommerce)

> The CONNECTIONS tab offers an overview of all connections created for *Omni-Channel*. It also allows configuring these connections. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The CONNECTIONS tab offers an overview of all connections created for *Omni-Channel*. It also allows to configure these connections. 
```

Author: done

- [SAVE]   
   Click this button to save any changes made.

- *Variant option type used for variants*   
   Use this drop-down list to select the desired variant option type. For detailed information, see [Configure BigCommerce connection](../Integration/01_ManageBigCommerceConnection.md#configure-bigcommerce-connection).

### Order filters

*Omni-Channel > Settings > Tab CONNECTIONS > Select BigCommerce connection > Tab Settings > Menu entry Order filters*

![Order filters](../../Assets/Screenshots/Channels/Settings/Connections/BigCommerce/OrderFilters.png "[Order filters]")

- *Filter orders to import by*   
   Enable the toggles at the order status to define the orders to be imported to *Actindo*.  
   For detailed information on the *BigCommerce* order statuses, see the *BigCommerce* documentation under [https://developer.bigcommerce.com/docs/rest-management/orders/order-status#get-all-order-statuses](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/docs/rest-management/orders/order-status#get-all-order-statuses).
   
- *Import only orders with an ID greater than*   
   This option is only relevant if you have orders in *BigCommerce* that should not be imported to *Actindo* in general.   

>    <!----Wenn es bei altem Text bleibt: Enter the ID of the last order you want to keep in *BigCommerce* and you do not want to import to the *Omni-Channel* module.-->

Reviewer 2: Hab ich noch nicht geändert, eine Story die die Änderung vorsieht besteht aber bereits

Author: Neuen Text stehen gelassen

    Enter the ID of the first order you want to import to the *Omni-Channel* module.
- *Import only orders created after*   
   This option is only relevant if you have orders in *BigCommerce* that should not be imported to *Actindo* in general.    

>    <!---Wenn es bei altem Text bleibt:Enter the date of the previous day from which you want to start importing orders to the Omni-Channel module.-->  

Reviewer 2: s.o.

Author: s.o.
